c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Test_Ewma.dll.config
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Test_Ewma.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Test_Ewma.pdb
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\AspNet.ScriptManager.jQuery.UI.Combined.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.Core.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OAuth.Consumer.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.OpenId.RelyingParty.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\DotNetOpenAuth.AspNet.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.xml
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\zh-Hans\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Providers.resources.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.Membership.OpenAuth.resources.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.AspNet.FriendlyUrls.resources.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\obj\Debug\Test_Ewma.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\obj\Debug\Test_Ewma.dll
c:\users\banu-xtkf01\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\obj\Debug\Test_Ewma.pdb
C:\Users\Banu-XTKF01\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Dapper.dll
C:\Users\Banu-XTKF01\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Test_Ewma\Test_Ewma\bin\Dapper.xml
